OK so let's see if we can practically answer these questions.
To do that I'm going to use simulation mode in packet tracer and I'm going to change the filters to
only show up and ICMP messages.
I don't want to see all the other traffic types in the network so let's see what happens when P.S. pings.
P.S. For P.S. One has an IP address of 10 1 1 1 P.S. For has an IP address of 10 1 1 4 so we're going
to send ICMP traffic.
In other words pink traffic
from P.S. 1 2 P.S. For and then we're going to observe what happens now in this example.
I'll only send two packets.
In other words two pings notice what happens in the network there's ICMP traffic but there is also an
op frame that's generated.
P.S. One needs to learn and the MAC address of P.S. 4.
So it sends out an op which is a broadcast requesting of the target MAC address of P.C. for So in answer
to our first question what type of packet is sent.
Initially the answer is A OPP packet which is a broadcast packet.
We've proven that by running simulation mode in Packet Tracer.
Now this is a broadcast and in this network the devices are connected to a hub so the traffic should
be flooded to all the devices in the network except the device that sent the packet.
So who receives the packet.
P.S. to dance.
P.S. 3 does and so does P.S. For P.S. 2 and P.S. 3 will drop the packets because the packet is not for
the IP address P.S. 2 as an example is configured with IP address 10 1 1 2 SPC 2 is going to drop the
packet.
The OP request is for IP address 10 1 1 4 so both P2 and P3.
Drop the packet but P.S. 4 will accept the packet and what it should do now is send back an OP a reply.
So if we look at this packet notice the inbound packet to the hub is an op reply packet with the MAC
address of P.S. 4 this is P.C. false IP address.
This is its MAC address.
We can verify that by using the IP config command and I should say IP config slash all notice the MAC
address which is the source MAC address of the frame and that's the source MAC address we see over here.
So the next question is who receives the return traffic.
So if I click capture forward notice P.S. 1 P.S. 3 and P.S. to receive the return traffic so it BPC
1 P.S. to NPC 3.
P.S. 2 and P.S. 3 will drop the OP reply because it's not destined to them when we look at that packet
we can see that the destination MAC address is P.S. 1 and we can confirm that by looking at the config
of P.S. 1 Notice the MAC address is thus so P.C. 2 and P.S. 3 will drop the OP.
Reply We then asked when ping traffic is sent from P.S. 1 TPC for who receives the traffic.
Now it's a hub so the traffic will be flooded.
So here's the ICMP message we can see that it's an Ethernet to frame using IP for at least three and
we can see it's an ICMP packet and when we click capture forward notice.
P.S. to P3 and P4 receive the traffic but again P.S. To and P.S. 3 will drop out of the packet because
it's not destined to them when we look at the inbound PD Yoo or protocol data unit on PCI for we can
see that the destination IP address is PCI 4 and the destination MAC address is.
P.S. 4 we can verify that once again by using the IP config slash all command and we can see the MAC
address of.
P.S. For so that's going to continue now.
When.
P.S. For replies TPC won.
The traffic is flooded and this is the problem with the hub even though the conversation is between
P.S. 1 and P.S. for everyone in the network receives the traffic.